Clarified roles versus permissions usage (#3889)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/datahub/setting-up-datahub-bundle/defining-permissions.md

layout: redirect
---

> Dedicated permissions define what a user is allowed to do in {{< product-c8y-iot >}} DataHub. To ease assigning permissions to users, permissions are grouped into roles. During deployment of the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} DataHub applications the corresponding permissions as well as roles are created. If a role with the same name already exists, no new role will be created. The same holds for permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dedicated permissions define what a user is allowed to do in {{< product-c8y-iot >}} DataHub. You assign these permissions to users by using roles, which group permission into bundles. During deployment of the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} DataHub applications the corresponding permissions as well as roles are created. If a role with the same name already exists, no new role will be created. The same holds for permissions.
```
